README.md, before:

# BookMyShow notification
A python script to notify as soon as tickets for a given show are available on BookMyShow

---

### Dependencies

Install dependencies using:<br />
`pip3 install -r requirements.txt`

---

### Usage

There are multiple fields required while running the script:
```
usage: ./BookMyShow.py [-h] -m MOVIE -c CINEMA [-f {2D,3D,IMAX 2D,IMAX 3D}] -d
                       DATE -r REGIONCODE [-i INTERVAL] [-a ALARM]
                       [-b ACCESS_TOKEN [DEVICE_ID ...]]

A script to check if tickets are available for the movie in the specified cinema at a given date

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -m MOVIE, --movie MOVIE
                        The movie you're looking to book tickets for
  -c CINEMA, --cinema CINEMA
                        The cinema in which you want to watch the movie
  -f {2D,3D,IMAX 2D,IMAX 3D}, --format {2D,3D,IMAX 2D,IMAX 3D}
                        Preferred format, if any
  -d DATE, --date DATE  Format: YYYYMMDD | The date on which you want to book tickets.
  -r REGIONCODE, --regionCode REGIONCODE
                        The region code of your area; BANG for Bengaluru
  -i INTERVAL, --interval INTERVAL
                        BMS server will be queried every interval seconds
  -a ALARM, --alarm ALARM
                        Path to audio file that will play as an alarm when notified ( optional )
  -b ACCESS_TOKEN [DEVICE_ID ...], --pushBullet ACCESS_TOKEN [DEVICE_ID ...]
                        Send notification to your device using pushbullet

And you will be the first one to be notified as soon as the show is available
```

To check for shows one can run similar commands:<br />
`./BookMyShow.py --movie "Avengers: Endgame" --cinema "PVR Forum Mall Koramangala" --date "20190426" --regionCode "BANG" --format "IMAX 3D"`

---

### Caveats
There are known issues when using desktop notification with `tmux`. It's highly recommended **not** to run this script inside tmux if you want desktop notifications.

---

#### Hope you will be the first one to grab a ticket

Commit message:

Script tried on Dec 2022 to get tickets notification in Windows

README.md, after:

# Basic Information about the fork
This repo was forked from https://github.com/deCodeIt/book-my-show-notification on Dec, 2022 and then I worked on it locally to make it work with Windows. But, the code is committed back to the repo on Feb, 2024. So, the updates made after Dec, 2022 in the main code, might not be present in this new branch windows.

Updating few things in readme as well.

# BookMyShow notification
A python script to notify as soon as tickets for a given show are available on BookMyShow

---

### Dependencies

Install dependencies using:<br />
`pip3 install -r requirements.txt`

---

### Usage

There are multiple fields required while running the script:
```
usage: ./BookMyShow.py [-h] -m MOVIE -c CINEMA [-f {2D,3D,IMAX 2D,IMAX 3D}] -d
                       DATE -r REGIONCODE [-i INTERVAL] [-a ALARM]
                       [-b ACCESS_TOKEN [DEVICE_ID ...]]

A script to check if tickets are available for the movie in the specified cinema at a given date

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -m MOVIE, --movie MOVIE
                        The movie you're looking to book tickets for
  -c CINEMA, --cinema CINEMA
                        The cinema in which you want to watch the movie
  -f {2D,3D,IMAX 2D,IMAX 3D}, --format {2D,3D,IMAX 2D,IMAX 3D}
                        Preferred format, if any
  -d DATE, --date DATE  Format: YYYYMMDD | The date on which you want to book tickets.
  -r REGIONCODE, --regionCode REGIONCODE
                        The region code of your area; BANG for Bengaluru
  -i INTERVAL, --interval INTERVAL
                        BMS server will be queried every interval seconds
  -a ALARM, --alarm ALARM
                        Path to audio file that will play as an alarm when notified ( optional )
  -b ACCESS_TOKEN [DEVICE_ID ...], --pushBullet ACCESS_TOKEN [DEVICE_ID ...]
                        Send notification to your device using pushbullet

And you will be the first one to be notified as soon as the show is available
```

To check for shows one can run similar commands:<br />
`./BookMyShow.py --movie "Avengers: Endgame" --cinema "PVR Forum Mall Koramangala" --date "20190426" --regionCode "BANG" --format "IMAX 3D"`

***I was not able top use bash, so I used python command like below instead***
`python BookMyShow.py --movie "Avatar: The Way of Water" --cinema "Luxe Cinemas: Chennai" --date "20221222" --regionCode "CHEN" --format "IMAX 3D"`

---

### Caveats
There are known issues when using desktop notification with `tmux`. It's highly recommended **not** to run this script inside tmux if you want desktop notifications.

---

#### Hope you will be the first one to grab a ticket
